So now that we've created our checkboxes and input boxes for all our elements, we have to enter a default
value.
In this case, it will be zero.
We want that value to be displayed on each of the boxes so as to start a program execution from that
point.
For instance, when a customer buys two kebabs, the user has to click on check button of kebab and
this box will be activated and they will be able to replace zero with two.
Let's do that.
We're going to enter zero as a default value.
So how do we do that with our loops?
Notice that we have three big blocks food, drinks and desserts.
We see them better when we minimize them.
So what we need to do is to manipulate the variable we created in food text in which we created an empty
element for each plate we have.
So inside each loop we're going to call every element we iterate over food text.
Index counter will be equal to a variable named string var.
It would be a string variable, which is another exclusive element of RT k enter.
Once we have assigned this type of value, we can call food text index counter once again and call the
set method in order to enter zero as value.
When we execute this, we'll see that all the food has a value of zero like we wanted.
Therefore we can copy these two lines and let's go to drink and paste this after drink, text and replace
food with drink.
Now our drinks have a value of zero.
Let's do the same with dessert.
Go to that block.
Position yourself below dessert, text, paste those two lines and replace food with dessert.
Now, our program has default values.
Why?
We were really fast now.
Anyway, let's continue with the next step.